
Sat 04 Feb 2023 
this directory, ie coq-jed-tlc, contains the results of pushing
the branch jeremy-dev (only) of the ANU gitlab repo tense-logic-in-Coq
https://gitlab.anu.edu.au/u8413080/tense-logic-in-Coq.git
A files in this directory, eg coq-jed-tlc/xxx/yyy/zzz, is from 
the file xxx/yyy/zzz in the repo tense-logic-in-Coq.

That repo has 5 branches, namely 
  Iandev, caitlin_dev, jeremy-dev, master, paper-LNSKt 
The reason for this was so that each individual did not need
to continuously keep his/her work consistent with the others,
and this happened to some extent but not completely.
In particular, as some of the branches contain over 1GB of output
(much of it Haskell code extracted from Coq code), these other 
branches, to the extent they are not already merged with jeremy-dev,
are not included in this repository at this time.

Its contents are as follows:
directories general, modal, ll, ljt consist of Coq proofs done by
Jeremy Dawson, with, in the case of directory general, some additional
proofs from Caitlin d'Abrera and Ian Shillito.
The directory general contained material which it was thought might
be useful for any of us.

The directory j-proofs contains write-ups by Jeremy Dawson of his proofs.

The directory tense-lns is work of Caitlin about linear nested sequents
for tense logic.   The directory Paper contains a very early stage
of the write-up of this work for a conference paper, eventually
published in Tableaux 2021.
As at Sat 04 Feb 2023 these directories are not at all up-to-date,
the up-to-date versions would be found in the branch caitlin_dev of
the ANU gitlab repository tense-logic-in-Coq

The directory Coq-Workshop contains preliminary material intended
possibly for a Coq Workshop.

This was all done as follows:
git clone --single-branch --branch jeremy-dev /home/jeremy/coq/lnt/tense-logic-in-Coq tlcjd
and then, in the repo tlcjd (whose only branch was jeremy-dev)
git push /home/jeremy/pubs/RAJED-reasoning-about-judgements-entailments-and-deductions
Oddly, after the clone, tlcjd was 63MB (no doubt because of the size of some
of the other branches of tense-logic-in-Coq),
but after the push, RAJED... was 4MB






